| Key          | Value                              |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------- |
| Date:        | 02-04-2024                         |
| Time:        | 13:45 - 14:30 (45 min)             |
| Location:    | Drebbelweg-PC Hall 1 Cubicle nr. 7 |
| Chair        | Wing Wong                          |
| Minute Taker | Rens Pols                          |
| Attendees:   | Wing Wong                          |
|              | Xiaoyu Du                          |
|              | Rens Pols                          |
|              | Lukas Milieška                     |
|              | Sem van der Weijden                |
|              | Eva Miesen                         |

## START (5 min, starts 13:45)

- **Opening by chair (1 min)**
- **Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)- Did everybody's task feel managable?**
- **Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)**
- **Announcements by the TA (2 min)**

## Talking Points (35 min, starts 13:50)

- **Summary of work (20 min, starts 13:50)**
  - Initialize Tag Creation UI (Xiaoyu Du)
  - Integration Testing (Rens Pols & Sem)
  - Config file for storage of persistence of events by their code (Sem van der Weijden) 
  - DEMO Home Screen UI (Sem van der Weijden)
  - DEMO Finalize Event Overview (Eva Miesen) - Making a seperate component for the expense card (since high detail)
  - DEMO Finalize Expense Overview & Manager - address last weeks remarks + improvements (Wing Wong)
  - DEMO Initialize and Finalize new Expense Add Participant (Wing Wong)
  
  - DEMO Connecting Scenes & Simplified pop-ups and scene handling (Lukas Milieška)
- **Bigger Picture (10 min, starts 14:10)**
  - Final coding deadline 14 April (end of week 9) - Can the TA confirm this official deadline?
  - Final Product Pitch 18th April 14:40
  - What did we fail on, except what we have already addressed?
    - **Human Computer Interactions**
      - Keyboard Navigation - Tab navigation
      - Supporting Undo Actions - Ctrl + Z
      - Error Messages - Invalid Syntax warning
      - Informative Feedback - Confirmation dialogue pop-ups
    - **Technology** (Done)
    - **Testing**
      - Coverage
        - Test coverage above 80% (high priority (as stressed by TA))
      - Unit Testing
        - Configurable subclasses to replace components we depend on in tests, for most tests - Ask TA what is meant
      - Endpoint Testing
        - Automated tests that cover regular & exceptional usage of endpoints - no progress yet
- **This week's sprint ordered by importance and star difficulty rating (5 min, starts 14:20)**

  - Join by invite code ★☆☆☆☆(person)
  - Event Creation UI ★★☆☆☆(person)
  - Event Rename UI ★★☆☆☆(person)
  - Event Manage Participants UI ★★☆☆☆ (person)
  - Debt logic and UI ★★★★☆(person)
  - Server address in config ★☆☆☆☆ (person)
  - Language Switching ★★★★☆(person)
  - Websockets and long-polling ★★★☆☆ (everyone wants to  learn this)
  - Endpoint Testing ★★★☆☆(everyone should learn this)
  - Keyboard Shortcuts:
    - Keyboard Undo ★★★★★(person) - ctrl z
    - Keyboard Navigation ★★★★☆(person) tab, enter, escape
  - Expand error alert coverage ★★☆☆☆ (everyone should add it to the UI's they made)
  - Confirm pop-ups ★★☆☆☆ (everyone should add it to the UI's they made) for Informative Feedback Rubric
  - Switch all ImageView elements ★☆☆☆☆(person) to use class path
  - Clientside Testing (everyone) TestFX

  **-Sprint W9 expectations**

  - Finalize Product Pitch ★★★★☆ Slides, Demo, Script(Sem, Eva, Lukas, Xiaoyu, Rens, Wing)

  - MVP by sixth of April - is this still a realistic goal?

- **NOTE: anything that was skipped or unclear will be discussed in detail after the TA meeting.**

## Wrapping Up (5 min, starts 14:25)

- **Next Chair and Minute Taker (1 min)**
- **Feedback round: What went well this sprint and what can be improved for the next sprint? (3 min)**
  - address what large-scale changes we would make if we could start over
- **Closure (1 min)**
